== Using the Script ==
 sudo apt-get install -y git-core
 git clone https://github.com/kaldrenon/install-chef-server.git
 chmod a+x install-chef-server/*.sh
 install-chef-server/install-chef-server-mu-rvm.sh

== About ==

This script is based heavily on work done by Sam Pikesley in a similar effort that can be found [http://github.com/pikesley/catering-college here]. My <code>install-chef-server.sh</code> is more than half his doing.

In order, here are the high level bullet points of what the script does:
* Install Ruby dependencies through aptitude
* Install RVM in multi-user mode
* Create a user named chef
* Add chef to admin group
* Add chef and current user to rvm group
* Modify sudoers file to allow all admin users to sudo w/o password
* Put RVM into mixed mode so that rubies and gemsets are managed per user
* Install Ruby 1.9.3 on current user and set that version to default.
* Install Ruby 1.9.2 on chef user and set that to default.
* Run [http://github.com/pikesley pikesley]<nowiki/>'s chef-server installaction script as chef user.
** Installs CouchDB
** Installs and configures RabbitMQ (a more recent version than is in the Ubuntu repos)
** Installs Sun Java 1.6 (using this witchcraft)
** Installs OpsCode's Gecode
** Installs the Chef gems
** Configures the Chef server
** Creates upstart scripts for each of the Chef components

At the end of script execution, you run through <code>knife configure -i</code> and once that is complete, you should find that the machine is now ready to be a chef server.

=== Warning ===

This script was modified with a speicifc intent for installing these particular versions of ruby on a brand spankin' new Ubuntu 11.10 image. I have done a lot less of the clever work to make it [http://http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Idempotence idempotent] that made Sam's script worth stealing in the first place. I have not tested it under any other conditions. You'll probably have to tweak it.
